Update README.md (#758)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-purchase/how-to-procure-a-vendor-contract.md

If you did not provide a contract in the PO submission and have received spend approval, ask your vendor contact to send you a **Word Document** of their contract so that Legal may review and if necessary, REDLINE the agreement. You may reference the legal review process outlined in the [Authorization Matrix](https://drive.google.com/a/mattermost.com/open?id=1fDIMiO0uydB_1zCUxZ4sGfSnBJ0P_49zbeQGgTqbYPI).

> All contracts are to address either Ian Tien \(CEO\) or Time Quock \(VP Finance & Operations\), and should include the following relevant information:

Author: ```suggestion
All contracts are to address either Ian Tien \(CEO\) or Tim Quock \(VP Finance\), and should include the following relevant information:
```

> All contracts are to address either Ian Tien \(CEO\) or Time Quock \(VP Finance & Operations\), and should include the following relevant information:

Author: ```suggestion
All contracts are to address either Ian Tien \(CEO\) or Tim Quock \(VP Finance\), and should include the following relevant information:
```

1. Create a PDF of the fully approved contract.
2. Director or above will initial in DocuSign.

> 3. Contract sent to VP Finance & Operations or CEO for final signature in DocuSign.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Contract sent to VP Finance or CEO for final signature in DocuSign.
```
